I'm here with Freeman Thomas Forge
director of strategic concepts group to
talk about the new Lincoln seat concept
which is a radically small car for a
Lincoln well it's actually a pioneering
small car because what we're looking at
is premium in a small package and what
we've done with this is that we haven't
compromised anything on the roominess of
the vehicle in fact what we've done is
we've expanded it so what we've done is
we have a vehicle that's a C segment
that puts a vehicle around 40 200
millimeters in length about the length
of a Ford Focus but what we've done is
we widen the vehicle by about 70
millimeters and what that does it gives
us the roominess inside of a 61 Lincoln
you know the original Continental we've
got a lot of features on this car that
really have a lot of historic
significance to historic Lincoln's like
the 39 41 Lincoln from that we got what
we call the bow wave grille you know
it's absolute you know the gracious
front end with the Poway and you'll see
it you see that now going throughout our
whole Lincoln range we have a very
formal seat pillar on the vehicle but it
what it does with a little bustle back
that's also from the 39 Lincoln and
you'll notice here we have a very strong
belt line that's actually set very low
it gives the car a very go-kart and like
stance if with a very upright side cabin
that allows three across seating but
really looking at the overall proportion
of the vehicle it's creating the max
amount of intelligent space out of this
footprint we've coined a phrase early on
within design and we call you know this
guilt-free luxury now connectivity is a
huge part of our story here and really
looking at the whole instrument panel as
a platform and if you see our
demonstration we have an avatar that
that talks to you and and becomes your
personal of LA you know it helps you
guide you through navigation through
your music through
talking to your friends we've been
working on this concept for the past two
years and this is not something that we
came up with in the last three months
this is something that within our
studios we actually went back three
years ago and started developing the
whole lineup what we felt was the design
DNA and future products for the Lincoln
brand and really that's where we could
we coined the phrase guilt free luxury
we wanted to create a brand that was not
about just simple opulent luxury well
it's a really a radical interesting idea
looking at what Lincoln might become a
car this small and Lincoln lineup and I
look forward to seeing something like
that in the future thank you for Eamonn
well thank you Todd